SDE II Job ID: 2776239 | Amazon.com Services LLC DESCRIPTION Amazon Managed
Compute Runtimes (MCR) is looking for a passionate, result-driven, and
innovative SDE II to deliver our grand vision, design and implement technical
solution that empowers our customers to achieve region flexibility, and
address the fundamental needs for Compute, Orchestration, and Observability
via our centrally managed runtimes. You’ll be joining a team building cutting
edge and highly distributed systems to enable world class, cost-effective,
and user friendly systems as we aim to create a highly technical, customer
obsessed, and entrepreneurial culture.

Successful candidates will have a proven track record of developing highly
distributed systems and customer friendly web applications using Agile and
incremental delivery methods. You must enjoy working on complex software
systems in a customer-centric environment and be passionate not only about
building good software but also ensuring that same software achieve its goals
in operational reality.

If you’re excited about contributing to the innovations that power Amazon's
next generation of computing architecture, making broad impacts across all
Amazon business lines including Amazon Stores, Kindle, Alexa, Pharmacy,
Payments etc, or just have the desire to have fun creating something you can
be proud to show your family and friends, reach out. We’d love to chat.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
- 3+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
- 2+ years of non-internship design or architecture (design patterns,
  reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems experience
- Experience programming with at least one software programming language

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
- 3+ years of full software development life cycle, including coding
  standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes,
  testing, and operations experience
- Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal
opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national
origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran
status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals
with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit
https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic
markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $129,300/year in our
lowest geographic market up to $223,600/year in our highest geographic
market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may
vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a
total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity,
sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of
a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical,
financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit
https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will
remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or
external career site.
